---
layout: post
title: Getting Started With Heroku
date: '2021-04-03T17:25:00.000+05:30'
categories: [ heroku ]
permalink: /heroku.html
description: Heroku is a cloud application platform that enables developers to deploy, scale and manage applications written in any language. By default Heroku supports `Ruby`, `Node.js`, `Python`, `PHP`, `Java`, `Scala`, `Go` and `Clojure` languages.
image: assets/images/attachments/header.png
toc: true
beforetoc: "Heroku is a cloud application platform that enables developers to deploy, scale and manage applications written in any language. By default Heroku supports `Ruby`, `Node.js`, `Python`, `PHP`, `Java`, `Scala`, `Go` and `Clojure` languages."
author: kishore
---

* Do not remove this line (it will not be displayed)
{:toc}

## What is Heroku ?

Heroku is a cloud application platform that enables developers to deploy, scale and manage applications written in any language. By default Heroku supports `Ruby`, `Node.js`, `Python`, `PHP`, `Java`, `Scala`, `Go` and `Clojure` languages.

## Heroku Application

> **This definition is from Heroku documentation.

Replace this with image
An application is a collection of _source code_ written in one of these languages, perhaps a framework, and some _dependency description_ that instructs a build system as to which additional dependencies are needed in order to build and run the application.

## What Can You Do With Heroku

You can build an application in any language and deploy it in Heroku without changing your code and avoid the hassle of maintaining your own on-premise infrastructure.

## Architecture of Heroku

Apps on Heroku are given a unique domain to route HTTP request to correct application container or Dyno. Dyno is one of many Dynos in a Dyno Grid which consists of several servers. Heroku's git server handles application repository pushes from permitted users.

## Products Offered By Heroku

* The Heroku Platform
* Heroku Postgress
* Heroku Redis
* Heroku Kafka
* Heroku Teams
* Heroku Enterprise
* Heroku Connect
* Heroku Elements
* Heroku Buttons
